what's up my kids today I'm
recording this video because there's someone
who has crossed the line has
crossed the line and has greatly exceeded
any limit that the
internet may have I've already talked about this I
spoke about this in a live broadcast
recently and I was also uploading it to the
secondary channel but I wanted to record this
video so that you could see the seriousness of the
matter so that you could see how the
situation is and so that you could also see the
type of sick people there are on the internet and so that there is
no doubt and when
crimes are committed they must be reported whether
on the street at your
work or on the internet there is one
thing that people confuse and especially
kids no I imagine that they will be
kids sometimes the
problem with today's is that they are not
kids that is what makes it worse
but there are times when
people are very wrong and they believe that
they can commit crimes on the internet and that everything
goes unpunished because they believe that they
use an anonymous avatar a name that
nobody knows and they believe that nobody
asked them and this is not the case there is a  a lot
of things for which everything you
do on the internet is done to you
and today it is totally identified, meaning
anyone who
does anything on the internet can be identified, it
is very difficult that they do not ask you and above
all, who you are not going to fool are
professionals, the owners of the
social networks or the website where
the crimes are committed or the telematic police itself. I am
very lazy to have to
be going to the police station
reporting spending money on
lawyers. I am very lazy in
most cases they call me
Jewish dogs and I kind of take it as a
joke because in reality I laugh at everyone
in the middle of anything they
tell me because I know what I am and what I am
not, they have to go over
the limits for me to get to this
point if you know those of you who have
been following me for a long time
know that many times I am very
lip service but for me to
act it is because they have really
gone too far when I finish watching this
video my hair will stand on end
and you will understand  the seriousness of the
matter and not only am I worried about the
seriousness of the matter but also
the sick people bring when we
are really making videos here doing
our work as youtuber influencer
whatever you want to call it because I take
for granted that not only a
few days ago we were also
reacting live to the case of a
girl Ángela Angélica acopó or something like that I do
n't remember very well what her name was
because the girl was Russian who was
suffering also brutal harassment
from a boy who had become
obsessed with her and I always
say it or it is pretended that we are here exposed
on the internet that I am not going to decide and they do not
like me so that they do not come out on many
occasions you cannot have
thin skin and pretend that you are here on the
internet and that nobody criticizes you that
nobody messes with you that nobody says that you
have shitty hair but one thing
that criticizes in your content
could even happen that they mess with your physique
or that they mess with you and another thing is what is
happening to me that is
incredible I want to make one thing clear
so that you can reflect and that is that
these things have been happening to me since
January of last year  I have told
several there are other videos that I will be
leaving the description about what
started happening to me last summer,
well for now that has stopped
happening to me but in the summer it was happening they
were even taking down the channels
they were throwing honey at the twitter account,
I have like six or seven
twitter accounts I don't know it's because they closed them
a fake ID there was a person who had
made a fake ID with photoshop and was
dedicated to taking down my social networks
impersonating me pretending to be
me and reporting it he has been making it
seem like I was not who I
was a person pretending to be that
vile and incredible measure tra it is that I have
been on youtube for five years now and I have been
dedicated to the same thing or rather it
is not to say no to the
controversial content the salsero what has no nothing
is this content no I have been
dedicating myself to sanse or almost since I
started at the beginning I had a direction that I did
not know where it was going but at the moment
that my channel started to grow my channel has
always been about sanse or it has always
been about controversy and always  it will be
because it's what I like maybe I'll
put in other content in between but
I'm not going to stop doing what
makes me happy what I enjoy you
think what you think but this has never
happened to me before my
address was leaked my phone number was leaked
which I had to change
luckily the address that was leaked is not
my current residence okay it's
my story but as I'm telling you this has never
happened to me until
January of last year nobody had
done the things to me that man started doing
from January of last year until now
here I'm going to be leaving you images
of the complaint I can't show it or rather I've
filed two complaints right now two
criminal complaints and they're accompanied by
a civil complaint that will be about to reach
these people therefore I can't
show everything okay I would love to
show you everything because it's mind-blowing even though it may
seem incredible what they think in this
video is only a glimpse of everything there is
each one of these complaints
one of them has five pages the other
has seven and then as was being
said the  civilians ok this
is an incredible amount of damage that has been done
okay and on top of that with the intention
of screwing my life up this is tremendous I'm going to
start with the one that seems the
strongest to me and the one that you're going to freak out the most
father the main course I'm going to put at
the beginning and it turns out that
about a month ago we
weren't even locked up in the house yet I
started getting some
phone calls and some other
jokes requesting sexual services on
my part don't be kidding that's all I
'm telling you what I'm going to tell you in
this video plus I'm going to show proof
of everyone I'm telling you everything I can't
show it but it's not funny this video is
totally serious they were asking me for
sexual services on whatsapp they
were calling me by a
woman's name at first it seemed like a bad joke to me
and all I was doing was
blocking people blocking the numbers
from which they received the messages because
god I was any idiot but there came
a time when I said damn I'm going to
ask them where the [ __ ] did they get my
number from and they sent me some links to an
ad turns out they were putting
ads on all  the pages that there are and will be
for dating
sexual encounters and even on pages
of advertisements that have nothing to do
with relationships photos of my relatives
with my phone number like a
horny grandmother wants to hire young boys
for sexual services mature lady
wants to hire young boys no older than
20 please here is my
pay phone very well they were involving my
family trying to brown them with
shady things I do
n't know it seems incredible to me the fact that
there is one or several people who
have bothered that they have dedicated their
time to investigate my real full name
the name of my relatives getting to
find their social networks that are
quite hidden downloading photos of
them and uploading them it
happened to me in the daily forum Valeri you
can see it in the game over that the
daily forum says and that they started not
only to post photos of my
relatives but also of former
coworkers including the boss
of the company where I worked before
dedicating myself to youtube this is incredible there is
a kid named and goes with him
how good that he helped me with all the
computer stuff and  the thing is when
things like this happen to me and we spent the
whole afternoon sending emails to the
ads page calling
those who were available by
phone we even
made reports on google until we
managed to get all the
ads removed even from
google searches here
the issue of reporting it didn't cross my mind for two
reasons I thought it was just
any guy I didn't give it much
importance either I mean any [ __ ] in
life because the internet is
full of sick people we can't help it
and two because people follow me from all
over the world from all
corners of the world and you never know if
the person was from Spain or not was from
Spain after three weeks or something like that
my phone starts ringing again
but this time in a more personal way
like calling me by name they
call on the phone and well I'm going to
show you what was on this occasion in
those ads or sometimes a few
screenshots okay no I'm not going to
show them all because it's totally
unnecessary they're all more or less in the same
style the only thing I'm telling you  It's like they were like,
you go into Google when they
searched my name on Google what
appeared was something like this that you
're seeing on the screen of the seven
pages in a row when I entered my
name into Google the first seven
pages that followed were like what you're
seeing here they were all ads Jabil
Vida is
looking for, looking for teenagers to model,
please be discreet here's my
phone number and address okay
in the ad they not only published my
phone number but also my
address in total we were
counting them and there were like 60
search results okay 60 pages in which
these types of ads were posted
okay a person opened an account that
opened an account for us on each one of
these pages my name is creating
their profile in my name and placing these
types of ads trying to get me involved
with crimes of punishment I don't know what's more
incredible
the illness that this person has
cacho is there that is a man okay
because the police already have him totally
tracked as they say everything on the
internet leaves a kind of footprint okay
everything is traceable everything can be traced
from the first moment all the
most well-known websites the most professional ones  They
offered to help me with this case and
of course they offered to
help the authorities as indicated by law, it
tells the police to please do not
request all the information
we have with the reference number,
telephone number or email of the advertisement in question. It
is important that when the police
send us the request, include the number
of preliminary proceedings, attack or
complaint opened in the case since in
this way we will speed up the process. We
always collaborate with the authorities
to help our users and
we have data that can help
identify these people. That exit
of a thousand ads and this one from the
'live local' page in which it comes telling me
the same thing, we do not tell you that we are in
the best disposition to collaborate
widely with the authorities upon
receiving the formal complaint, the police
apparently already know that it is me by
name. The truth is that I have no [ __ ]
idea who it is. Maybe
when I see it in court
I will be in for a surprise and it is someone I
know, whom I have crossed paths with at
some point in my life but this is
incredible. This is incredible. I am going to
show you some of the ads and
some of the things that they have done on the
internet.  My name is so you
can get an idea of ​​​​where they have come to
announce everything point is a website that I
had no [ __ ] idea of ​​​​its
existence in all the years that I am on the
internet. I am Javier and Beira and I am looking for
teenagers with my complete
contact information below. I offer an ad.
point is no [ __ ] idea either. Javi
Oliveiras is looking for teenagers to
model. It was Javi Baile is looking for
teenagers and preteens without
prejudice for modeling photos and
videos of vanities. I will try the
ad. Ok. Javi Oliveira is looking for
teenagers to model in Seville.
Ravioli Beiras de Micha Valería. dot com is
looking for teenagers and preteens
to model for photos and short videos
without complexes and with discretion. Try at
aaa or call more information at
Villavaler and Anotato.com and well, use
my photo here and the profile name has been
created in my name. It is Anoto. dot Net.
Here they put my ad offering 12
euros an hour. There was Oliveira is asking for teenagers to
model. Teenagers and
preteens for photography and video.
Direct trade. Ravioli Merida is
selecting teenagers to model. I am
sabi oliveira and is looking for teenagers and
preteens of both sexes without
complexes and discreet for photographs and
videos of variety try in what you are going to
see below
is tremendously repulsive okay if you
are freaking out with the ads with
this your [ __ ]
stomach is going to turn here on the page in feminine
that I understand that well
its name sounds familiar to me it is a forum it is not a forum where
women can put there
protect or talk about many topics and they
have created a profile totally
pretending to be me and in my name and they have
published the following post I
feel attracted to my children I wanted to
ask you for some advice for a long time I
feel attracted to my two children it is
something that I can't get out of my head
no matter how much it disgusts me with myself I think it is because
my homosexuality has been repressed all my life what do you
think how did I get those ideas out of my
head I am afraid to talk about it with my
partner because she is the mother help this is
tremendous is this is tremendous the p is a
sexual orientation I am Javier Veiga and
today I am going to talk in you know about
incest I am  I'm freaking out, of
course the boy still lets
his imagination run wild, his imagination
goes much further, what do you think of the
youtuber Javi Oliveira? My experience is, I don't
like it on YouTube, but my daughter
spends her time watching videos, especially since the
quarantine. She's only x years old and I
allow it because the poor thing gets bored
locked up all day. That's when I noticed
that he spends his time watching the channel of a
Spanish guy named Javier y Vida with
dirty
and sexual language, at which she laughs. One day I
look through the half-open door and she was
sitting in front of her laptop and touching herself
with one hand, I approach to take the
computer from her and I see that it was a
video conference and I see the guy's face and
pizza on the screen. That's when
my daughter tells me that this Javi
Oliveira promised to greet her live
on his channel if she showed him her
thing. I have
tried to report him but I don't know how
reports work from one country to
another. Well, I do know how
reports work from one country to another and this
person who is doing this, this
person who is doing this is going to
eat the complaint whatever country it's from I
can assure you but I can afford it I
can afford it and not only that
but I'm also going to release videos as soon as
this thing ends and I'm freaking
out I'm freaking out no no that's all
javi oliveira dot net this is a
domain that they bought they spent
money buying this domain and this
hosting to create a website
called florer hoy by javi oliveira
association of child lovers by
javi
oliveira in florer hoy a
non-profit civil association from Spain that
advocates for lowering the age of
consent for
sexual relations and love for children we
share the principles and concepts
of north american boy love which I
have no [ __ ] idea what it is directed
by the influence the jaime oliveira headquarters
in seville aaaa up to a thousand ads javi
oliveira looking for teenagers for models
films address my phone title no
[ __ ] idea about this page
the same is worth and this is already being an
idiot this must be completely
idiot this belongs but to a page
in which you create headlines to make
jokes they are headlines that are jokes
in fact I have  I've seen many of
my followers who have occasionally
tried to play a joke on me. Look, Javier, the
headline in this newspaper no, and then it
turns out that nothing you say
puts you on top. This is a joke. Both
Tanos and YouTube Spanish Javier and Meira are
involved in the network. Authorities in
Seville confirmed that those
involved in the PE network
dismantled a week ago
include influencers such as Bill Hybrids,
known for their controversial videos on
YouTube. He
is testifying and it could be the
premises of said network. Dad, Dad, incredible,
incredible, friends. How sick are you
because it's the same person who has been in
charge of all this?
What a coincidence that it all came out at
once and from the same person. It's mind-blowing, he's
telling me this and I don't believe it. I'm
getting the feeling that a script that I
just wrote for this video and to
bring it here, a controversial video because it
gives me the impression that it's not giving me much, salseros
trimmer, and I have to eat. I'm getting
the impression that this is a [ __ ]
story that I made up, but it's not
exactly what I'm telling you. These are
screenshots of  web pages that have
already been removed have been removed from
google search because google
has also collaborated but everything is
certified everything has been certified and
reported to the police, the
civil guard and the courts of Seville
incredible I have no words I
have no adjectives to describe this
suddenly two twitter accounts appear that
start sharing these
posts you want to convince
me who is sharing
these posts on twitter with zero
followers and the account was created in July
an account created exclusively for
this well the ads there are some that have
had 50 visits 20 30 few but it would
seem like a huge coincidence to me, a
huge coincidence because I am not
aurum plane and I am the blonde it would
seem like a huge coincidence to me that
the person who saw that ad
knows me and knows who I am no this
are obviously two twitter accounts
that have been created to try to
spread these ads because nobody
was finding them which I don't understand
how nobody was finding them because
nothing I entered my name in google
automatically seven pages appeared
seven pages like the one that showed them
seven pages full of these things
outrageous to see how  these pigs take
advantage of childhood when you get
the olive soliciting girls to
abuse them and shame invades you there
is no other account the same without
followers created also this month that has
coincidentally found an
advertisement coincidentally was by an
advertisement and what are you doing to
try to get this to spread not that
someone retweets how to release it not
release it there drop the bomb and
let the internet do its job
and that is here to some of my haters
some of the people with whom I
fought youtuber enemies and such no
luckily nobody paid attention it is luckily
nobody paid attention to it even my own
enemies answered this tweet
saying several more things
fake several more things face I think it
is more than evident that if a person
were a p they would not dedicate themselves to putting
ads on the internet of this type
proclaiming it to the four winds
not if a person is you surely
keep your illness hidden privately and do
not dedicate themselves to creating profiles with your
name with your phone number and with
your address to ask for this type of things
the announcement no I think that well it was
quite obvious that this  I was going to sneak in and
here I am without understanding much of the law
but from what my lawyer has told me you
can ask for huge compensation
huge compensation of fat ok damage
to my honor slander and attempt to ruin my
business attempt to ruin my life
screwing up my image
identity theft that I believe has
jail time and dissemination of my private data behind it
which is also serious no because of
course bothering me on telefe they have
been bothering me on WhatsApp they have
even gone so far as to throw me at the [ __ ]
door of my house and bothering my
[ __ ] agency with this [ __ ] okay
incredible
you are sick and whoever did this I have
a name whoever did it
is sick and I insist this has been
happening to me since last year to the four
years before that when I hit on YouTube
nothing similar has happened to me I only
had to report another person on one
occasion because he made a video of me
enjoying myself a lot there is another complaint
that I have filed no and well I am not going to give
much information I am not going to say who it is against
but well in one of the photographs that he
published on Twitter announcing that he had
posted a  report I forgot to cross out
and censor a part that indicated
that it was a daily forum
now my followers know what the
daily forum is about it is a forum where
defamation is allowed, it is a thing that is
slandered and where
private things of youtubers and
influencers are published, as well as people who are
bitter about life and who are
very envious and who are frustrated
because they do not have the money they
want or the job they want or
the life they want
and the partner they want and since they are
so frustrated and have so much hate and
poison inside, they dedicate
24 hours of their lives to releasing everything
in that forum I have had to report
a person who well I also asked him
because I know the person I know the
situation he is in before I
changed sides he was followed mine no
and hey look delete the posts
apologize and we leave it here but like
on that side they have so much pride and they
are so while and I don't know they are like a
species they have a kind of lane that they
cannot get out of  divert because he decided
that he didn't decide that it would be more until the
end the thing has taken certain months
because certain checks had to be made to ensure
that certain accounts
are linked and so on and
the corresponding complaint has also been filed.
No, I'm going to show some of
the certified screenshots that I have, okay,
and I'm telling you that this is just a
glimpse because there are many more than I'm
going to show you. I also don't want
this video to last an hour if you want to
know more about this forum and about the
things that are done in it and about how
much influence they have suffered because
of this forum. I want you to go to the
description and see a kind of
documentary
that I made because indeed someone is
taking the piss Dallas
has said several times that they are
asking for three thousand euros to withdraw the
complaint.
Javi in ​​his live streams says that it is four
thousand thousand more for him and as proof he shows
the corner of an envelope that says it
comes from the court. If it really was a
bluff from Dallas, Javi would be involved
since he says he has that letter and has
consulted with his lawyer. Yesterday he said in
a live stream that going to court could cost him
30 or  40 thousand euros because they were
pointed out many videos with accusations
insults and threats of all kinds I don't know I
suppose that at some point the
truth will be known about whether she really has
filed a complaint as a
scapegoat or if as some think it is nothing
more than a scam by the two of them.
Personally I don't know what to think but I wouldn't be
surprised if it were true and the
attempt to sink thousands and families is
removed from the payment because it was found out about
the issue and turned against it this
is [ __ ] that the allies
are trying to do to take away weight from my
arguments and all the things that I have
put not the that and not to see my area and the
moment in which I began to change my
mind was in January and it was for other
reasons the complaint from Dallas and the
agreement with Dallas was in March it is
all published on YouTube
look at the dates I have all the emails
here it is insinuating that we have
made agreements to sink her as part
of payment for a conciliation I have the
conciliation in fact in fact I have the
consideration and in a live now I am going
to read the whole thing so that it stops  say
this [ __ ] nonsense that makes no
sense in any conciliation
this agreement would be accepted it makes no sense
that a judge signs a conciliation where
part of the agreement or well they don't
speak ill of me anymore but they are going to speak ill
of another person for nothing in fact he is
insinuating that I am scamming my
followers and in case it hasn't been clear
here is another publication where they
make it even clearer I would be
scamming some people who
I consider to be more friends than fans that is why it does
not seem possible to me life
gives you surprises surprises life gives you
the surprise you are going to get this
is one of the publications in which
my address is published in this forum my
[ __ ] address as a result of this they started
ringing the doorbell of my house I have
two small children one is one year old and the other is
ten that I have to endure these
things because I am criticizing someone
in your environment seems incredible to me no
aceituno I do not live on a street
so explicitly describe my address
in the only street in Seville with this
explicit description describe the
name of the street directly with this
publication do you know the name of the vicar
no  there's no doubt so there's no
need to go looking the wrong way at all the
girls you pass when you take your
dog out that cute one you bought at the
mall this is one thing and this
is a fact that I've already said it
my live explainer that I only told
my mother's mother well it seems like we're going to have to
call him javi the lamplighter he doesn't
think that with half-truths he's going to
convince someone that he's not a
jackal and flat-out encephalogram cough it's going to
be true what he says about his Andalusian charm and
all this is something that it's been a long time since I've been
called a lamplighter the plan like I
said that if they didn't stop I was going to
report them and that
it was a bluff I would like to know why I can afford to pay for a lawyer I can afford to go to the police and report this why would it be a bluff because it was going to be a bluff it's another thing that they always said on the forum and I
said it one by one one by one to all
those who have committed or I think have
committed some kind of crime I'm
going to see them
because  I was going to bluff because I
can't spend money on a lawyer because
because I don't have any money, this one really thinks
that this trial is not certain to be
won because many times the
best he says he's not bluffing because you know that
if you file that complaint, he'll lose it,
but he thinks that I can't allow myself to
sue this person, do you think this
is not reportable? Do you think I'm not
going to win this? I don't know, maybe there's someone
in his mind who thinks that no, that I'm not
going to win and that this can be allowed
on the internet and another little thing, gordini beida,
today you literally said that you can
talk about Custodian's wife whatever the hell you want
because it's public since she's
done live shows with him, it's safe to
say that that gives us free rein to
comment on whatever we want about your wife that she
publishes since she does live shows, enjoying herself
here like us, and the
Greek chorus appears in yours and she also posts
photos of her wedding on Instagram,
anyone who appears in your photos, I
understand that's a public person and we can
criticize whatever we want, no, they wouldn't
be insults, remember freedom of
expression, well, let's see if this is
freedom  of expression because I believe that
publishing the name of my street and
accusing me of being a scammer, I don't think so, I don't think that's
freedom of expression,
but well, I wouldn't want to
offend anyone or maybe,
but have you seen the latest photo of
Aceituno on his Instagram, oh my goodness, but he's
gained like 40 kilos Javier
Canijo says Javier Fofito rather between
the bait he has and the entries he's
gotten pretty he just needs to dye his hair
blonde and the faces you tell me about those
faces life is a picture of happiness
freedom of expression in all its
splendor but the strongest, the
strongest thing is that I have a photo of this
girl, well, girls, girls, she has the
blackest [ __ ], I also have this photo of
a girl who has nothing of a girl, she's
quite a bit older than me in fact, or if she isn't, she
appears like it and she's a gem, she's a
painting, okay, you're the one to
judge the kilos, the physique, and the faces
of others, you're the one to do that, let's see,
Javi says that the real complaint
because they sent him a letter from the
lawyer in Dallas  in which they put
all the reportable points and tell him
that either he pays the 4000 or he takes it to court
he asks for 40 thousand according to javi he has
presented this to a lawyer the advised to
pay and avoid a trial in which he has
everything to lose from the start he
is already asking his followers for a thousand euros
more than what dallas has asked one of
the two has lied about the amount pay
attention to these tweets okay where she
starts tagging the companies and the
platform with which to
try to get me basically fired
from my job okay to try these
people what they want is to see me in the face let's
see I'm going to show you an excerpt of
something that I showed in the game over and
tell me if this is freedom of
expression
this twitter is no longer used because it
has a blocked account yes how true that
the moment they caught the
identity of all these people many of
them started to close their account both
on twitter and on daily life and such and the
attitude that she had was to
basically shut up and I think that she
also has the account blocked because
twitter forces you to verify the  she has
your mobile number so of course
she how do you know she's caught
everywhere well she won't want to
she'll believe that we're not going to catch her because I
verified the account with her mobile it doesn't matter
at this point it doesn't matter
this tweet come on girls many positions
look at the pools in Lugo clicked it's
a photo of the hotel where she was since I
found out from some stories that I posted
on Instagram I put in extract some
story where you could more or less see the
background of the hotel some wall a bit
from the pool or whatever and she
found out which hotel in Estepona I was
at to publish photos photos of the hotel where I was staying on vacation let's see someone give me the comments at what point in your life you have to be so that you find it interesting start comparing photos of all the hotels in Marbella Puerto Banús and surrounding areas to locate to see which one shows a youtuber who
speaks badly of another that you like
because I don't understand it is that in
fact in the photos on Instagram and
everywhere I was not putting the
exact place where I was favorite Marbella
Puerto  banús but in reality my hotel
was in estepona so this
person started looking for hotels in
all the areas until he found one in
a town that hadn't even been mentioned llosa
the disease is incredible and not
only that but in you who is
a person if you see it below the
Christian to another person who sends a
lot in networks started to investigate
which hotel I was on vacation at with my
wife and my children and my dog ​​to
publish it on twitter and in the forum
people came to bother the reception
regarding the balls that you are on
vacation with your family and come to
bother the reception because I uploaded
a [ __ ] extradite and in the story
this great one has been seen a small piece of the
pool a small piece of
room cushion you never know go
and I have to bother and nothing guys that's
it for today's video
this time I hope you didn't like this video
as much as the others
but anyway I had to tell you done
never let anyone trample on yourselves there is a
law for the jce to use
as long as it is necessary I believe
that there are cases in which  There is no
doubt when something is being done that should
n't be done and especially if you know who it is.
See you in the next video,
guys.